Goals - What is the goal of the program or functionThe goal of the Animal Adoption Center is to create an caring for a pet facility. The program should allow you to own different animals. All the information is going to be saved on a txt file and is, including the login info and the owners reasons.Input - What (if any) input does the function or program accept?  Are there specific data types or ranges?The Animal Adoption Center will accept various types of input from the user, deending on the specific activity being performed. For example, when creating a adopting an animal, the user needs to input what number depending on the animals breed or the animal itself. After the user needs to his/her name. Similarly, if the pet has a if they want to give the pet up for adoption and if they want to do anything like volunteering.Output - What (if any) output does the function or program return The Animal Adoption Center may generate various types of output, depending on the specific activity being performed. For example, when the user wants to adopt the pet, the output is going to show them a list of different animals and different breeds. The specific output generated by the program will depend on the user because there are different outputs for each part. The program may also output status updates or messages to the user to indicate the pet's current state and any relevant information. The program prompts the user to either create an account or log in to an existing account. The user is then presented with a menu of options to adopt an animal, give an animal up for adoption, read an owner's manual, volunteer at the center, learn about the organization, or exit the program.The main method reads the user's input and uses a switch statement to call the appropriate method based on the user's choice. The loginMenu method handles the account creation and login functionality. If the user chooses to create an account, the program prompts the user to enter a username and password, and the information is written to a file called "LoginInfo.txt". If the user chooses to log in, the program prompts the user to enter their username and password, and the program checks the "LoginInfo.txt" file to see if the username and password match. If the username and password match, the user is logged in and can access the other options in the menu.

